Cleaning up Mesos from paasta readthedocs - PAASTA-18313 (#3954)
Yelp/paasta: docs/source/yelpsoa_configs.rst

Preparation: PaaSTA_tools and yelpsoa-configs
=========================================================

> PaaSTA_tools reads configuration about services from several YAML

Reviewer: these should be lowercased since that's the package name :)

All configuration files that define something to launch on a PaaSTA Cluster can
specify the following options:

>   * ``cpus``: Number of CPUs an instance needs. Defaults to 1. The CPU resource in kubernetes is measured in *CPU* units. One CPU in Kubernetes is equivalent to: 1 AWS vCPU, 1 GCP Core, 1 Azure vCore, 1 Hyperthread on a bare-metal Intel processor with Hyperthreading.

Reviewer: imo, we can leave this as the previous description + `s/Mesos/Kubernetes` and it'd still be mostly correct :)

the part that would no longer be correct is `A task can burst to use any available free CPU`, since we only allow a limited amount of burst (specified by cpu_burst_add) - but that's fine to leave out since the next explainer is cpu_burst_add and that mentions that the amount of burst is limited in reality :)

-----------------

Placement options provide control over how PaaSTA schedules a task, whether it
is scheduled by Kubernetes, Tron, or ``paasta remote-run``.
Most commonly, it is used to restrict tasks to specific locations.

.. _general-placement-options:

General
^^^^^^^

These options are applicable to tasks scheduled through Kubernetes.

  * ``deploy_blacklist``: A list of lists indicating a set of locations to *not* deploy to. For example:

      ``deploy_blacklist: [["region", "uswest1-prod"]]``

   would indicate that PaaSTA should not deploy the service to the ``uswest1-prod`` region.

  * ``deploy_whitelist``: A list of lists indicating a set of locations where Deployment is allowed.  For example:

      ``deploy_whitelist: ["region", ["uswest1-prod", "uswest2-prod"]]``

    would indicate that PaaSTA can **only** deploy in ``uswest1-prod`` or ``uswest2-prod``.  If this list

>     is empty (the default), then Deployment is allowed anywhere.  This is superseded by the blacklist; if

Reviewer: these are referencing deployment as a concept as well, not as the k8s object

For more information on selector operators, see the official Kubernetes
documentation on `node affinities
<https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/assign-Pod-node/#node-affinity>`_.

  * ``Pod_management_policy``: An option for applications managed with `StatefulSets <https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/workloads/controllers/statefulset/>`_ to determine if the Pods are managed in parallel or in order.

    The default value is `OrderedReady <https://kubernetes.io/docs/tutorials/stateful-application/basic-stateful-set/#orderedready-Pod-management>`_.
    It can be set to `Parallel <https://kubernetes.io/docs/tutorials/stateful-application/basic-stateful-set/#parallel-Pod-management>`_. For example::

>       Pod_management_policy: Parallel

Reviewer: i think we might have been a bit over-zealous with the find-replace here too - i think the only casing change we want to keep is `Pods are managed`

    See `the bounce docs <bouncing.html>`_ for a more detailed description.

  * ``bounce_start_deadline``: a floating point number of seconds to add to the deadline when deployd notices a change
    to soa-configs or the marked-for-Deployment version of an instance.
    Defaults to 0. (deadline = now)
    When deployd has a queue of instances to process, it will choose to process instances with a lower deadline first.
    Set this to a large positive number to allow deployd to process other instances before this one, even if their

>       soa-configs change or mark-for-Deployment happened after this one.

Reviewer: these are also lowercase :)

          ``arbitrary_promql`` metrics provider.

    * ``scaledown_policies``: Custom configuration for the Kubernetes HPA controlling when the service will scale down;

>       this parameter exactly follows the `Kubernetes HPA schema <https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/run-application/horizontal-Pod-autoscale/#scaling-policies>`

Reviewer: probably wanna change this back since the original url is lowercase

    accessed externally. This option is implied when registered to smartstack or
    when specifying a ``prometheus_port``. Defaults to ``false``

  * ``weight``: Load balancer/service mesh weight to assign to Pods belonging to this instance.
    Pods should receive traffic proportional to their weight, i.e. a Pod with
    weight 20 should receive 2x as much traffic as a Pod with weight 10.
    Defaults to 10.
    Must be an integer.
    This only makes a difference when some Pods in the same load balancer have different weights than others, such as when you have two or more instances with the same ``registration`` but different ``weight``.

>   * ``lifecycle``: A dictionary of additional options that adjust the termination phase of the `Pod lifecycle <https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/workloads/Pods/Pod-lifecycle/#Pod-termination>`_:

Reviewer: (and same here)

  * ``spark_args``: Dictionary of spark configurations documented in
    https://spark.apache.org/docs/latest/configuration.html. Note some configurations are non-

>     user-editable as they will be populated by PaaSTA tools. See

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    user-editable as they will be populated by PaaSTA. See
```

  * Anything in the `Common Settings`_.

>   * ``net``: Specify which kind of
>     `networking mode <https://docs.docker.com/engine/reference/run/#network-settings>`_
>     instances of this service should be launched using. Defaults to ``'bridge'``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * ``net``: Specify which kind of
    `networking mode <https://docs.docker.com/engine/reference/run/#network-settings>`_
    adhoc containers of this service should be launched using. Defaults to ``'bridge'``.
```

  * ``cmd``: The command that is executed. Can be used as an alternative to
    args for containers without an `entrypoint
    <https://docs.docker.com/reference/builder/#entrypoint>`_. [#note]_.

  * ``args``: An array of docker args if you use the `"entrypoint"
    <https://docs.docker.com/reference/builder/#entrypoint>`_ functionality. [#note]_.

  * ``deploy_group``: A string identifying what deploy group this instance belongs
    to. The ``step`` parameter in ``deploy.yaml`` references this value
    to determine the order in which to build & deploy deploy groups. Defaults to

>     ``clustername.instancename``. See the deploy group doc_ for more information.

Reviewer: hmm, are these not in the kubernetes settings? imo, we should define these there and update the old `See the `marathon-[clustername].yaml`_ section for details for each of these parameters.` text to refer to the `eks/kubernetes-[clustername].yaml` files

Author: I removed the marathon-clustername.yaml section since we dont have these files in soaconfigs anymore and added them under kubernetes-clustername.yaml since theyre applicable there

   it will generate synapse discovery files on every host, but no listening
   port will be allocated. This must be unique across all environments where
   PaaSTA (or synapse) runs. At Yelp, we pick from the range [19000, 21000].

>    Feel free to pick the next available value -- PaaSTA fsm will do this for

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Feel free to pick the next available value -- ``paasta fsm`` will do this for
```
